dan is that you yeah he looks so
beautiful okay here we go
you know your name Jane I'm Kevin do you
think it's a whole lot of ritual for
something that's got about a 50/50 shot
at making it out of the gate Oh
refreshing a man who doesn't believe in
marriage Jane was good at taking care of
everyone I've been a bridesmaid 27 times
you do besides work and help people get
married but she never took care of
herself did you put that breakfast
burrito on my desk I just had my
theories but I love you I love you too
oh yeah I needed that the screenwriter
of The Devil Wears Prada ask if you want
to drink you smile and then they're
supporting some in Robyn's accidental
pregnancy a shotgun wedding and a life
of bliss go over there and tell him how
you feel
[Music]
George this is my sister Tess this is my
George no I didn't mean you want to go
through absolutely congratulations
yeah 27 dresses strange as it sounds
I've had some really good times in those
dresses a woman whose entire life we're
getting married
three weeks is making other people happy
you'd rather focus on other people's
Kodak moments than make memories of your
own is about to discover how to do the
same for herself you can start over and
you can do what you want what do you
want Jane knocked ups katherine heigl
james marsden this whole cynical thing
is just so you can see mysterious and
sexy do you say sexy 27 dresses must be
so hard to watch your younger sister get
married before you yes that I still get
to have hot hate sex with random
strangers and I feel so much better
[Music]
you